README (#53)
hmrc/hec: README.md

         "ctIncomeDeclared": "No", 
         "ctStatus": {
            "ctutr":  "1234567890",
            "startDate":  "20201001",
            "endDate":  "20193009",
            "latestAccountingPeriod": {
               "startDate": "20200131",
               "endDate": "20200524",
               "ctStatus": "NoticeToFileIssued"
            }
         }, 
         "recentlyStaredTrading": "No",
         "chargeableForCT": "Yes",
         "correctiveAction": "Other"
      },
      "taxCheckStartDateTime": "2021-12-02T14:56:11.75Z[Europe/London]",
      "source": "Digital",
      "type": "Company"
   },
   "taxCheckCode": "TLAR4D6HB",
   "expiresAfter": "2022-04-01",
   "createDate": "2021-12-02T14:56:49.618Z[Europe/London]",
   "isExtracted": false
}
```
N.B. the combinations of answers in the request and response bodies above do not correspond to actual
real business scenarios. A value for each field (even if optional) has been provided for illustrative 
purposes.

### `POST /hec/match-tax-check`
Check the details given in the request to see if they match an existing tax check in the database. A
`200` (OK) response if returned if a match result can be given.

> Example request body:

Reviewer: can we mention that this POST body is to check the tax check code for Individual and below one is for company?

Author: updated [here](https://github.com/hmrc/hec/pull/53/commits/029cc5817c153a21799cc847141b6f5f18e2e6c3)

returned. Requires an active GG session.

Example response body:
```json
{
   "ctStatus": {
      "ctutr":  "1234567890",
      "startDate":  "20201001",
      "endDate":  "20193009",
      "latestAccountingPeriod": {
         "startDate": "20200131",
         "endDate": "20200524",
         "ctStatus": "NoReturnFound"
      }
   }
}
```

### `GET /hec/ctutr/:crn`                          
Return the CT UTR associated with the given CRN (company registration number). Returns a `200` (OK) response
if a CT UTR can be found. If no CT UTR can be found a `404` (NOT FOUND) response is given. Requires an
active GG session.

Example response body:
```json
{
   "ctutr": "1234567890"
}
```

### `POST /hec/file-transfer/callback`
Handles a callback which is triggered from this service notifying downstream systems that a file is ready to 
pick up (c.f. [HEC Tax Check Data File Transfer](#hec-tax-check-data-file-transfer)). A `200` (OK)
response with no body will be returned if the callback has been handled successfully.

Example request body:
```json
{
   "notification": "FileProcessingFailure",
   "filename": "file.txt",
   "correlationID": "12345",
   "failureReason": "¯\\_(ツ)_//¯"
}
```

> ### `POST       /hec/test-only/tax-check`              

Reviewer: May be put a line or any type of separation to show test-only end points, pls ignore if not relevant

Author: updated [here](https://github.com/hmrc/hec/pull/53/commits/029cc5817c153a21799cc847141b6f5f18e2e6c3)

      "source": "Digital",
      "type": "Company"
   }
}
```

### `DELETE     /hec/test-only/tax-check`              
Unauthenticated test-only endpoint to delete all tax check data. Returns a `200` (OK) response if all data has been
successfully been deleted.

### `DELETE     /hec/test-only/tax-check/:taxCheckCode`
Unauthenticated test-only endpoint to delete tax check data corresponding to the given tax check code. Returns a `200` 
(OK) response if the tax check data has been successfully been deleted.

## HEC Tax Check Data File Transfer

This service will periodically send tax check data to consuming downstream systems via a file transfer process. 
`HecTaxCheckScheduleService` is the service which takes care of the job scheduling which perform the following tasks:
1. Identify the extraction time from the config.
2. TimeCalculator identifies how much time is left for the job to run and the job is scheduled for that time.
3. At the time of job run, a lock is created on mongo and the following operations are performed 
   1. Generate all enum lookup files, store them in `object-store` and notify downstream systems that the files are 
      ready to pick up.

>    2. Find all tax checks which haven't been sent yet (`isExtracted = false`) and generate tax check data file,

Reviewer: Should we mention the nuumber of records per file is limited and set via config?

Author: updated [here](https://github.com/hmrc/hec/pull/53/commits/029cc5817c153a21799cc847141b6f5f18e2e6c3)

      store in object store and notify downstream systems that the file is ready to pick up.      

> One the downstream system has been notified that the files are ready to pick up we expect a callbacks to be made 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the downstream system has been notified that the files are ready to pick up we expect a callback to be made 
```

Author: updated [here](https://github.com/hmrc/hec/pull/53/commits/df753d3671d7cf27316ccf0ed61d0c486f887a3b). I kept "callbacks" plural since we expect multiple callbacks per file.

Reviewer 2: 👍 in that case, it should be `we expect callbacks` instead of `we expect a callbacks`, but I'm not fussed!

Author: yes, you're right :see_no_evil: thanks! I corrected it now [here](https://github.com/hmrc/hec/pull/53/commits/a0d029791e7fd2bb08979851dab803a63802efb0)

      "type": "Company"
   },
   "taxCheckCode": "TLAR4D6HB",
   "expiresAfter": "2022-04-01",
   "createDate": "2021-12-02T14:56:49.618Z[Europe/London]",
   "isExtracted": false
}
```
N.B. the combinations of answers in the request and response bodies above do not correspond to actual
real business scenarios. A value for each field (even if optional) has been provided for illustrative 
purposes.

### `POST /hec/match-tax-check`
Check the details given in the request to see if they match an existing tax check in the database. A
`200` (OK) response is returned if a match result can be given. The example request body shows an example
for an individual and the example response body includes an example for a company. 

Example request body:
```json
{
   "taxCheckCode": "222RRR888",
   "licenceType": "ScrapMetalDealerSite",
   "verifier": {
      "dateofbirth": "19221201"
   }
}
```

Example response body:
```json
{
   "matchRequest": {
      "taxCheckCode": "7PCR3ANY2",
      "licenceType": "ScrapMetalMobileCollector",
      "verifier": {
         "crn": "1234567890"
      }
   },
   "dateTimeChecked": "2021-12-02T15:25:57.728Z[Europe/London]",
   "status": "NoMatch"
}
```

> The req

Reviewer: I think this is typo

Author: whoops! Good spot -  just removed it [here](https://github.com/hmrc/hec/pull/53/commits/5297f926e288d6c5460ad819cee8c5364321a82a)
